Union Data V2 (#178)
fivetran/dbt_zendesk: README.md

    zendesk_schema: your_schema_name 
```

> 

Reviewer: The below was in the source readme but not included here. Pasting in case it should be.
```suggestion

> **Note**: When running the package with a single source connector, the `source_relation` column in each model will be populated with an empty string.

```

Author: good catch

#### Option B: Union multiple connectors

> If you have multiple Zendesk connectors in Fivetran and would like to use this package on all of them simultaneously, we have provided functionality to do so. For each source table, the package will union all of the data together and pass the unioned table into the transformations. You will be able to see which source each record came from in the `source_relation` column of each model. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have multiple Zendesk connectors in Fivetran and would like to use this package on all of them simultaneously, we have provided functionality to do so. For each source table, the package will union all of the data together and pass the unioned table into the transformations. The `source_relation` column in each model indicates the origin of each record.
```

```yml
# a .yml file in your root project
sources:
  - name: <name> # ex: Should match name in zendesk_sources
    schema: <schema_name>
    database: <database_name>
    loader: fivetran
    loaded_at_field: _fivetran_synced
      
    freshness: # feel free to adjust to your liking
      warn_after: {count: 72, period: hour}
      error_after: {count: 168, period: hour}

    tables: # copy and paste from zendesk_source/models/src_zendesk.yml - see https://support.atlassian.com/bitbucket-cloud/docs/yaml-anchors/ for how to use anchors to only do so once
```

> **Note**: If there are source tables you do not have (see [Step 4](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_zendesk_source?tab=readme-ov-file#step-4-disable-models-for-non-existent-sources)), you may still include them, as long as you have set the right variables to `False`. Otherwise, you may remove them from your source definition.

2. Set the `has_defined_sources` variable (scoped to the `zendesk_source` package) to `True`, like such:
```yml
# dbt_project.yml
vars:
  zendesk_source:
    has_defined_sources: true
```

> ### Step 4: Enable/Disable models for non-existent sources

Reviewer: Included in the source readme but not here.

```suggestion
### Step 4: Enable/Disable models for non-existent sources

> _This step is optional if you are unioning multiple connectors together in the previous step. The `union_data` macro will create empty staging models for sources that are not found in any of your Zendesk schemas/databases. However, you can still leverage the below variables if you would like to avoid this behavior._
```
